c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe.config
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.exe
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serial.pdb
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.exe
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\obj\Debug\Serial.pdb
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\xsockets.license.x
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Controllers.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Common.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.Communication.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Core.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Enterprise.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Logger.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Plugin.Framework.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Json.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Putty.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Protocol.Rfc6455.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Serialization.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\XSockets.Server.dll
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.pdb
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.xml
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.pdb
c:\users\boris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Serial\Serial\bin\Debug\Serilog.FullNetFx.xml
